Please read the project-status.md file first to understand the current state of the project.
I need you to incorporate position, role, and duty data into the customer journeys to help users select and evaluate players more effectively.
Requirements (Gherkin format):
gherkinFeature: Position Role Integration in Player Management

Scenario: User selects a position for role analysis
  Given I have JSON files with position data (ST, AMR, AML, AMC, MC, DM, MR, ML, CD, DR, DL, GK)
  When I navigate to player evaluation or role selection
  Then I should see a dropdown with all available positions

Scenario: User selects a role within a position
  Given I have selected a position (e.g., "ST - Striker")
  When I choose a role dropdown
  Then I should see all available roles for that position (e.g., Poacher, False Nine, Target Man, etc.)

Scenario: User selects a duty within a role
  Given I have selected a position and role (e.g., "ST - Target Man")
  When I choose a duty dropdown
  Then I should see all available duties for that role (e.g., Support, Attack)

Scenario: System shows key attributes for selected role/duty
  Given I have selected position, role, and duty (e.g., "ST - Target Man - Support")
  When the selection is complete
  Then I should see the key attributes highlighted (Heading, Bravery, Balance, etc.)
  And I should see preferred attributes listed separately

Scenario: Player attribute evaluation against role requirements
  Given I have a player's attributes loaded
  And I have selected a target role/duty combination
  When I view the player evaluation
  Then key attributes should be prominently highlighted (green if good match, red if poor)
  And preferred attributes should show secondary highlighting
  And I should see a role suitability score/rating
Technical approach questions for you:

How should the JSON data be loaded - as static imports or dynamic loading?
Should this integrate with the existing player tracking system or be a separate role analysis feature?
Do you want the role data to influence the player progression tracking (e.g., highlight improvements in role-relevant attributes)?
Should users be able to compare multiple roles simultaneously for the same player?

Please analyze the current technical architecture and framework of the project, then explain how you would implement this position/role data integration. Focus on the user experience flow and data structure considerations.
Before making any changes, please recap what you understood from this requirement and wait for me to instruct you to proceed with the implementation.