Please read the project-status.md file first to understand the current state of the project.
I am attaching individual JSON files for each Football Manager position that contain detailed role and duty data. These files include:

ST (Striker) roles and attributes
AMR/AML (Attacking Midfielder Right/Left) roles and attributes
AMC (Attacking Midfielder Centre) roles and attributes
MC (Midfielder Centre) roles and attributes
DM (Defensive Midfielder) roles and attributes
MR/ML (Midfielder Right/Left) roles and attributes
CD (Central Defender) roles and attributes
DR/DL (Defender Right/Left) roles and attributes
GK (Goalkeeper) roles and attributes

I need you to incorporate this position, role, and duty data into the customer journeys to help users select and evaluate players more effectively.
Requirements (Gherkin format):
gherkinFeature: Position Role Integration in Player Management

Scenario: User selects a position for role analysis
  Given I have JSON files with position data attached to this prompt
  When I navigate to player evaluation or role selection
  Then I should see a dropdown with all available positions parsed from the JSON files

Scenario: User selects a role within a position
  Given I have selected a position (e.g., "ST - Striker")
  When I choose a role dropdown
  Then I should see all available roles for that position (e.g., Poacher, False Nine, Target Man, etc.)

Scenario: User selects a duty within a role
  Given I have selected a position and role (e.g., "ST - Target Man")
  When I choose a duty dropdown
  Then I should see all available duties for that role (e.g., Support, Attack)

Scenario: System shows key attributes for selected role/duty
  Given I have selected position, role, and duty (e.g., "ST - Target Man - Support")
  When the selection is complete
  Then I should see the key attributes highlighted (Heading, Bravery, Balance, etc.)
  And I should see preferred attributes listed separately

Scenario: Player attribute evaluation against role requirements
  Given I have a player's attributes loaded
  And I have selected a target role/duty combination
  When I view the player evaluation
  Then key attributes should be prominently highlighted (green if good match, red if poor)
  And preferred attributes should show secondary highlighting
  And I should see a role suitability score/rating
Technical approach questions for you:

How should the attached JSON data be integrated - as static imports, loaded into database, or kept as separate data files?
Should this integrate with the existing player tracking system or be a separate role analysis feature?
Do you want the role data to influence the player progression tracking (e.g., highlight improvements in role-relevant attributes)?
Should users be able to compare multiple roles simultaneously for the same player?

Please analyze the current technical architecture and framework of the project, then explain how you would implement this position/role data integration using the attached JSON files. Focus on the user experience flow and data structure considerations.
Before making any changes, please recap what you understood from this requirement and the attached JSON data structure, then wait for me to instruct you to proceed with the implementation.